docs: add FederationHost class usage description (#3827)
module-federation/core: apps/website-new/docs/en/guide/basic/runtime.mdx

If you want to develop Module Federation plugin, you can read [Module Federation Plugin System](../../plugin/dev/index) for more info.

## FederationHost

> In addition to exposing APIs, Federation Runtime also provides the FederationHost class, which you can use to create a FederationHost instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to exposing APIs,  the Federation Runtime also provides a FederationHost class, which you can use to create a FederationHost instances.
```

> * When to use `FederationHost` ?

Reviewer: it would be a good idea to have small section on "What is FederationHost" 

How i explained it to people before was that in the __FEDERATION__.__INSTANCES__ - each runtime or application who uses module federation creates a FederationHost instance, it represents an both consumer and provider instances of the system. Or something so users understand what federation host actually is for

To ensure the uniqueness of the FederationHost instance, after the build plugin creates an instance, it will be stored in memory. The exported APIs all first obtain the FederationHost instance from memory and then call the APIs of the FederationHost instance. This is also why APIs like loadRemote can be used directly.

> However, this singleton pattern also limits the inability to create multiple instances. Therefore, if you need to create a new instance , you can use the FederationHost class to create a new one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
However, this singleton pattern also limits the ability to create multiple instances, as it assumes that there is only one instance per bundle. Therefore, if you need to create a new instance , you can use the FederationHost class to create a new one.
```
